BikeKollective Accident Waiver

Please read and accept

NAME OF ACTIVITY: Ride bike

By signing this Waiver, I assume all risk of myself participating inthe above activity (hereinafter “activity”). Without signing this form, I will not be able to participate in the activity. I acknowledge that the above activity may pose some risk of personal injury and that I undertake and assume this risk for myself.

I further waive and release the promoters of the activity, any insuring entity of the above, and their creators, users, representatives, or assigns, as well as the activity sponsors, from any and all liability, including, but not limited to, liability arising from negligence or fault of the entities or persons for any injury or disability which may occur as a result of my participation in the above activity. 

I am assuming all risks on behalf of myself that may arise from negligence or carelessness on the part of any of the persons or entities being released, as well as from defective equipment, personal property that is owned, maintained or controlled by the above persons.

I CERTIFY THAT I AM PHYSICALLY FIT
AND SUFFICIENTLY PREPARED FOR 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACTIVITY AND 
THAT THERE ARE NO HEALTH RELATED 
REASONS OR PROBLEMS WHICH WOULD
PRECLUDE THE PARTICIPATION OF MYSELF
IN THE ACTIVITY. I HAVE NOT BEEN 
ADVISED OF ANY REASON WHICH WOULD 
LIMIT MYSELF IN PARTICIPATING IN 
THE ACTIVITY.

I consent to receive any medical treatment deemed advisable for an injury to myself during the activity and that any medical or other insurance for myself will be insurance of first resort before contribution by any other insurance for any other person or entity, including accidental death and dismemberment insurance and accident medical insurance.

I understand that I may be photographed while participating in the activity. I agree to allow my photo, video, or film likeness to be used for any legitimate purpose by the activity holders, creators, sponsors, and their assigns. 

I shall defend, hold harmless, and indemnify the parties from and against all losses, claims, damages, costs or expenses (including reasonable legal fees, or similar costs) in connection with any action or claim brought or made (or threatened to be brought or made), for, or on account of any injuries or damages, received or sustained by myself arising during the course of the activity.

This Agreement constitutes the sole and only agreement between the parties concerning my release and indemnification as a condition for participating in this activity. 

Any prior agreements, whether oral or in writing, shall be void and of no further effect.

This Agreement may not be modified.

I certify that I have read this document, and I fully understand its contents. I am aware that this is a release and indemnification of liability for myself, and I sign it of my own free will.

source credit: https://protectyournonprofit.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Sample-Accident-Waiver.pdf (accessed on May 14th, 2021)
